---
layout: article
title:  "Friends 01-21 真假莫尼卡"
date:   2017-02-22 21:05
modified: 2017-02-22 21:05
category: blog
tags:
- friends
- english
image:
#  feature:
    teaser: /background/dress.jpg
---


## 1-21 真假莫尼卡(mo)
>ra ro ch mo jo ph

-mo Mother, all I'm saying is just once, can we go to lunch...
and not talk about what I'm wearing or how I'm doing my hair or where my career is going?
Or who I'm dating

-winter Ready for the check?

-mo I'll take it ... take it . Go . Run

-momo That's very sweet And on what they pay you

-mo Career You don't have to worry about me. I'm doing fine

-winter I'm afraid this has been denied

-mo That's impossible

-momo That's all right, dear. here you go


----------


-jo How'd someone get a hold of your credit card number?

-mo I have no idea. But Look how much they spent

-ra Monica, would you calm down?
The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought

-mo I know, it's just such reckless spending 花钱如流水

-ro I think when someone steals your credit card ... they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind 早就忘了要小心谨慎吧

-ch Wow, what a geek, They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop 神奇拖把

-mo That's me

-ch You see, when I say geek, I mean
The hell with it, you bought a $70 mop, you're a geek 不管了

-ph Oh, yuck . Ross , he's doing it again 讨厌

-ro Marcel , stop humping the lamp 别再侵犯那盏灯了
Stop humping. Now , Marcel,  come back, Come here, Marcel

-ra Oh, no. Not in my  room. I'll get him

-mo Ross, You're got to do something about the humping 发春

-ro What? It's just a phase 暂时的

-ch Well, that's what we said about Joey

-ro You'd think you guys would be just a little more understanding

-ph I know , But we're not

-ro Would you all relax? It's not that big a deal

-ra Marcel , stop it. Morcel . Bad monky
Let just say my Curious George doll is no longer curious 只能说，我的“好奇乔治”娃娃不再好奇了
Monica, you are not still going over that thing


----------


-mo This woman's living my life
She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me
Look at this. Look . She buys tickets to plays I wanna see
She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people 冷眼相待
She spent $300 on art supplies 艺术品

-ra You're not an artist

-mo I might be if I had the supplies
I mean, I could do all this stuff, Only I don't 我却没有

-ra Oh, Monica, come on . You do cool things

-mo Really? Let's compare, shall we?

-ra Oh, it's so late for "shall we"

-mo Do I horseback ride in the park ? 骑马
Do I take classes at the New School ?
This is so unfair ! She's got everything I want and she doesn't have my mother


----------


-ch How about Joey Paponi ?

-jo No, still too ethnic  太名族了
My agent thinks I should have a name that's some neutral 中立点的名字

-ch Joey Switzerland 瑞士

-jo Plus, you know ,I think it should be Joe
you know , Joey makes me sound like I'm this big 像个小不点
Which I'm not

-ch Joe,Joe,Joe Stalin ?

-jo Stalin , Do I know that name? It sounds familiar

-ch Well ,it does not ring a bell with me 反正我没什么印象
But you're more plugged into that show business thing 但是你对戏剧这块比较熟

-jp Joe Stalin , You know, that's pretty good

-ch You might wanna try Joseph

-jo Joseph Stalin
I think you'd remember that 这名字多好记

-ch Bey Bey Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin 主演
Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof


----------


-mo Hi, Yes , this is Monica Geller
I believe I'm taking some classes with you
and I was wondering what they were
I've had a recent head injury and certain numbers and days 数字和日期记不太清
Barbecue 烤肉
Oh , did I ? See, there you go

-ph What are you doing?

-mo All right, great
Thanks a lot. I'm going to tap class 踢踏舞课

-ra What, what , so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?

-mo I want to see who she is

-ra Go to the post office ! I'm sure her picture's up

-mo This woman stole my life
I should get to see who she is

-ra Okay, Monica , you know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here 你有点失控了
I mean , this is really becoming like a weird obsession thing 你现在执着得有点诡异了

-ph This is madness , It's madness , I tell you
For the love of God ,Monica , don't do it
Thank you


----------


-mo What do you think?

-ph Lots of things  百感交集

-mo Which one do you think she is?
No, thanks , We're here to observe 参观得

-aside Yon don't observe a dance class , You dance a dance class
Spare shoes are over there 那尔有没人穿的舞鞋

-ph I think she means "you dance a dance class"

-mo Do you see anybody you think could be me?

-aside Last time there were yogurt containers lying around after class 空酸奶瓶
Let not have that happen aggin

-ra She could be you

-mo Okay, I'm not getting this, 我毫无头绪

-ph I'm totally getting it  我完全融入

-mo Did you ever feel like sometimes you are just so unbelievably uncoordinated 毫无协调感

-ra What? You just click when they click

-aside All right, people , now everyone grab a partner 每人找个舞伴

-ph All right, And my dead mother says you are it. I'm with Rachel

-mo Great, it's gym class all over again

-aside Well that's all right, You can come up to the front and dance with me

-mo Why don't I just take off my clothe and have a nightmare?

-fakemo It's okay, it's okay, I'm here , I'm here  I'm so sorry I'm late

-aside Okay, here I am So who's the new tense girl

-mo I'm monana , It's Dutch 荷兰语

-fakemo I spent three years in Amsterdam

-mo Pennsylvania Dutch 德裔宾夕法尼亚州人

-jo Hey. Where have you been?

-ro I just got back from the vet 兽医

-ch She's not gonna make you wear a big plastic cone. is she? 塑料大圆锥

-ro She says Marcel's humping thing is not a phase
Apparently, he's reached sexual maturity 已经性成熟了

-jo Hey, he beat you

-ro She says , as time goes on , he's gonna start getting agressive and violent

-ch So, what dose this mean?

-ro I have to give him up


----------

-jo I can't believe it Ross, This sucks

-ch I don't get it ,I mean , You just got him
How could he be an adult already?

-ro I know . One day hi's this little thing...
and before you know it , he's this little thing I can't get off my leg

-jo Isn't here any way to keep him?

-ro No, the vet said that unless he's in a place ...
where he has regular access .. to some monkey loving...
he's just gonna get vicious 否则他会越来越残暴
I just gotta get him into a zoo

-jo How do you get a mokey into a zoo?

-ch I know that one
No, that's popes into a Vokswagen 那是如何让教皇进入大众汽车

-ro We're applying to a lot of them
Our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos
You know , like San Diego . Right? 圣地亚哥动物园
But that may just be a pipe dream 痴人说梦
Because you know, he's out-of-state
My vet knows someone at Miami, so that's a possibility 迈阿密

-ch But that's two blocks from the beach, It's a total party zoo 环境太嘈杂

-ph We found her ,We found the girl

-jo Did you call the cops ?

-ra No, we took her to lunch

-ch Oh , your own brand of vigilante justice 用你们的方式给她治了罪

-ro Are you insane? This woman stole from you
She stole, She's a stealer

-mo After you're with this woman for like 10 minutes you forget all that
I mean , she's this astounding person with this amazing spirit 振奋人性的奇女子

-ro Yeah ! Which she probably stole from some cheerleader 拉拉队

-ch Take off their hats

-ph Popes in a Vokswagen (笑话： 教皇摘下高帽子才能坐进大众车)
I love that joke


----------


-ra No way ,No way did you do this

-fakemo Monana was very brave

-mo It was so wild . We told them we were the Gundersons in root 615 615房的冈德森姐妹
... only to find out the Boston Celtics had the entire six floor 结果波士顿凯尔特人对已经包下整个六楼

-fakemo So once they caught on to the fact that we're you know ,short and have breasts

-mo They threw us out, I was thrown out of a hotel Me

-ra Go Monana
You ladies are not the only ones living the dream 不光你们过着梦想中的生活
I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know , Don't wait up 不用等我

-fakemo Oh, by the way... tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show 参加百老汇的面试

-mo Excuse me?

-fakemo There's an open call for Cats
I'm thinking we go down there, sing "Memories "... 我们可以去唱《回忆》
... and make complete fools of ourselves , What do you say? 让自己大出洋相

-mo No,no,no, Remember who you're dealing withe here 记住你在跟谁说话呢
I mean ,I'm not like you
I can't even stand in front of a tap class 替他舞教室

-fakemo That's probably because of your Amish background 门诺教派背景
You're Pennsylvania Dutch, right?

-mo Right, Till I bought a blow dryer. Then I was shunned 吹风机，就被驱逐了（门诺教派后人远离科技产品过着农业生活）

-fakemo I used to be just like you
And then , one day, I saw a movie that changed my life
Did you ever see Dead Poets Society 《死亡杜诗》

-fakemo I thought that movie was so incredibly boring
I mean , that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play?不能演出话剧
What was that? It's like "Kid, wait a year. Leave home, do some community theater"
I walked out of there and I thought
"Now that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back"
And that thought scared me 这个想法震惊到了我  more than all the other crap I was afraid to do 从此便不再惧怕尝试任何事情了

-mo Wow , Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire 《窈窕奶爸》（与《死亡杜诗》主演同为罗宾 威廉姆斯）


----------

-ro Oh, God . We did't get into Scranton 斯克兰顿
That was , like , our safety zoo 保底
They take , like , dogs and cows
See , I don't know who this is harder on , me or him

-ph I'd say that chair's taking the brunt of it 我想那椅子首当其冲

-ro Marcel, no
Good boy . See ? How can nobody want him?

-jo You know , there already is a Joseph Stalin 早就有人叫
Apparently , he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered people 显然他是个嗜血如命的俄国独裁者
You'd think you would've known that

-ch You'd think I would've
Hey how about Joey Healtheron 美国演员 舞者 歌手

-jo Come on, seriously
I told you I don't wanna go back to Joey
Phoebe, What do you think a good stage name for me would be

-ph Flame boy

-ro Where exactly is your zoo?

-aside Well, it's technically not a zoo, per se
It's more of an interactive wildlife experience
Let me ask you some questions about is it uh Marcel
Does he uh fight with other animals?

-ro No, no ,He's very docile 温驯

-aside Even if he were cornered ? 就算被逼近角落也不会吗？
How is he at handing small objects

-ro He can hold a banana , if that's what you mean

-aside What about a hammer or a small blade 锤子 或 小刀

-ro Why would he need a blade 小刀

-aside Well, if he's up against a jungle cat or an animal whit horns
... you got to give the little guy something
Otherwise , it's just cruel

-ch He got into San Diego

-jo We came back from our walk , The phone was ringing ...   he's in

-ro Did you hear that ,Marcel? San Diego San Diego

-aside You're making a big mistake here
San Diego's all well and good but if you give to me
I'll start him off against a blind rabbit ... and give you 20% of the gate

----------

-ra Where the hell've you been?

-mo Monic and I just crashed an mebassy party 混进了大使馆的派对
I think I kissed an archbishop 大主教
But , of course, it could've been a chef

-ra Are you drunk?

-mo No, I'm lying. I an so dunk.

-ra Oh god , Right, Monica , you know what? You could've called
I have been up here , I'va been worried .. Monica

-mo Water rules 好过瘾

-ra Yes, yes , it dose
Okay ,look ,the restaurant called
They wanna know if you're gonna be showing up for work

-mo Nope , Going to the Big Apple Circus today 纽约马戏团

-ra Okay , Monica, what are you doing?
You're gonna lose your job. This is not you

-mo No, it is me
I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows 拍忪枕头
and pay the bills as soon as they come in !
You know , when I'm with her, I'm so much more than that 我就超越了那种人
I'm Monana

-ra Hello ? Yes. she is ,Hold on a second please
Monana, it's for you, The credit card people

-mo They've arrested Monica
How are you

-fakemo Not too bad , Fortunately , blue's my color
How did you know I was here ?

-mo Beacuse I'm Monica Geller
It was my credit card you were using

-fakemo That I was not expecting

-mo I want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in 去报案的人不是我
No, Thank you ,You have given me so much
if it wasn't for you ,I would never have gotten to sing ...
"Memories" on the stage at the Winter Garden Theater 冬园剧院

-fakemo Well actually , you only got to sing "Memo"

-mo I can't believe you're here . What an I gonna do without you ?
Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me ?
Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus 纽约马戏团

-fakemo Monica , I started my day by peeing in front of 25 other women ...
and you're worried about who'll take you to the Big Apple circus?

-mo Well, not worried , you know ,just wondering

-fakemo There's nothing to wonder about, Monica
You're gonna go back to being exactly who you were
because that's who you are

-mo Not necessarily

-fakemo Yes, necessarily
I don't know what it is , Maybe it's the Amish thing 或许因为你是门诺教徒

-mo I'm note actually Amish 门诺教徒

-fakemo Really? then why are you like that ? 为何你那么怪


----------


-aside You, by the door, in or oout ?

-mo In

-aside You in the back , You're getting it all wrong

-mo But at least I'm doing it

-aside This is the final boarding call for Fight 67 to San Diego boarding at gate 这是67航班的最后登机通知 登机口在42A

-ph Okay, goodbye ,little monkey guy. All right , I wrote you this poem
but don't eat it till you get on the plane

-ro Thank you , Aunt Phoebe

-ch Okay ,bye , champ 棒小伙子
Now , I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego 我知道圣地亚哥哪儿美女如云
... but remember ,there's also a lot to learn

-jo I don't konw what to say, Ross , it's a monkey

-ro Just say what you feel , Joey

-jo Marcel ,I'm hungry

-ro That was good

-ra Marcel this is for you
It's just ,you know , something ... to do on the plane

-ro If you don't mind , I'd like to take a moment ,just me and him
Marcel  come here ,Come here , Come  here
Well buddy ... this is it
Just a couple of things I wanted to say
I'm really gonna miss you
You know ,I'm never gonna forget about you
You've been more than just a pet to me
You're been more like a ...Okay, Marcel
Would you leave my leg alone?
Would you just stop humping me for two seconds
Okay , Would you just take him away? Just take him


----------

-aside Oh, that I were a glove upon that hand ...希望我是你手上的手套
that I might touch thy cheek

-jo I'll be reading for the role of Mercutio 我来试演“马丘修”角色的
Holden McGroin （谐音：holding my groin 握住我哪里）
