---
layout: article
title:  "Friends 01-20 罪恶的牙医"
date:   2017-02-22 21:05
modified: 2017-02-22 21:05
category: blog
tags:
- friends
- english
image:
#  feature:
    teaser: /background/dress.jpg
---



## 20 罪恶的牙医(ra)(01)
>ra ro ch mo jo ph


-c I can't believe you'd actually say that.
I'd much rather be Mr.Peanut than Mr.Salty
我不是咸味先生而是花豆先生

-j No way. Mr.Salty is a sailor 水手
He's gotta be the toughest snack there is 最坚硬的点心

-ro I don't know. You don't wanna mess with Cornnuts 和玉米作对
they're crazy

-m Oh,my God. You gotta come see this
There's some creep out there with a telescope 变态

-r I can't believe is . He's looking right at us

-ph Oh, that is so sick

-c I feel violated
And not in a good way

-ph How can people do that?
You guys, look. Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots 重力鞋


----------

-c I'm telling you , years from now , school children will study it ... as one of the greatest first dates of all time 奉为首次约会完美案例研究

-m Yeah,

-c I'll say, Yeah
It was unbelievable
We could totaly be ourselves. We didn't have to any play games

-m Have you called her yet?

-c Let her know I like her ? What are you, insane?

-m/f Guys. It's gross 恶心

-c It's the next day, How needy do I wanna seem 你要我显得多渴望
I'm right . Right

-ro/j Yeah, Let her dangle 让她悬着心吧

-m I can't believe my parents are actually pushing me to find one of you people

-ph Come on. Just do it
Call her, Stop being so testosterone-y 大男子主义

-c Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat 旧金山特色
I got her machine.

-j Her answering machine?

-c No,interestingly, her leaf blower picked up 落叶清扫机

-ph So, why didn't you say anything?

-c No,Last time I left a spontaneous message 上次我想随意留俩句话的时候
... I ended up using the phrase, "Yes,indeed-io." 最后说了“对滴 是这样哦”

-m Look, it's Rachel and Barry
No, don't everybody look at once ! 大家别一起回头

-ro What's going on?

-ph They're just talking

-ro Does he look upset?
Does he look like he was told to shove anything 他是否向被告之滚远点的样子

-ph No.Actually, he's smiling
Oh, my God. Don't do that.

-ro What?What?What?

-ph That man across the street just kicked that pigeon 鸽子

-c And basically , that's how a bill becomes a law 法案 法律

-m How'd it go?

-ra You know, it was actually really great
He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room
I had that chicken, where you poke it and butter squirt out 一戳就有奶油喷出来的鸡肉

-ph Not a good day for birds

-ra Then we took a walk down to Bendall's 本多尔商场
And I told him not to, but he got me a bottle of Chanel 香奈儿

-ro That's nice. Now was that before or after you told him ... to stop calling , stop sending flowers and to generally leave you alone

-ra Right, Well, we never actually got to that
It was just so nice to see him again
It was comfortable and it was familiar
It was just nice

-ro That's nice twice

-m Rachel, what's going on?
Isn't this the same Barry who you left at the alter ? 你难道忘了曾经再婚礼上抛弃巴瑞吗？

-jo Where have you been?

-ra It was different with him today
He wasn't like Orthodontist Guy 牙医
I mean, we had fun. Is there anything wrong with that?

-ch Yes

-ra Why?

-ch I have my reasons

-mo How about the fact that he's engaged to another woman ... who happens to be your ex-best friend?

-ra All right , I know it's stupid
I'll see him this afternoon and put an end to it
I'm not crazy, right? I mean, it was never like that

-Barry No, it wasn't

-ra It was so nice having this little sink here 小水槽

-ch Then with authority , hang up 自信

-ro Will you just leave her the message

-ch Okay, All right , fine
Oh, Danielle, I wasn't expecting the machine
Give me a call when you get a chance
Bye-bye
Oh,God

-mo That's what you've been working on for two hours ?

-ch Hey, I've been honing 演练

-ro What was with the dishes? 拨弄盘子

-ch I want her to think I'm in a restaurant
I might have some kind of life . 不错的生活
Like I haven't been sitting here ... honing for the last two hours?

-mo Look,look! He's doing it again, the guy with the telescope!

-ph Oh, my God
Go away. Stop looking in here

-mo Great. Now he's waving back 这下可好了，他也挥手了

-jo We gotta do something about that guy
This morning , I caught him looking into our apartment
It creeps me out. I feel like I can't do stuff 吓死我了

-mo What kind of stuff?

-jo Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff...but, like, when I'm cooking naked

-ph You cook naked?

-jo Yeah, toast , oatmeal, Nothing that spatters 烤土豆，燕麦粥，别溅出来就行

-ch What are you looking at me for? I did't know that

-Barry What's matter

-ra I just Oh, Barry, this was not good

-Barry No,it was very,very good

-ra What about Mindy?

-Barray Oh, way,way better than Mindy

-ra I mean, what about you and Mindy?

-Barry If you want, I'll break it off with her

-ra No, don't do that . Not for me

-Bernice Dr.Farber, Bobby Rush is here for his adjustment

-Barry Thanks,Bernice
Let's got away this weekend

-ra Barry, come on ,this is all way too...

-Barry No,we can go to Aruba
When I went there on what would've been our honeymoon...is was really nice, You would've liked it

-ra I had a bra

-Bobby Hey Dr.Farber

-Barry All right, Miss Greene, everything looks fine
We're starting to see some real progress 你的牙齿看来整齐许多嘛

-Bobby I'm 12 , I'm not stupid

-ch Can I use your phone ?

-mo For future reference , that thing in your hand... 我指点你一下
... can also be used as a phone

-ch Yes, it's working
Why isn't she calling?

-jo Maybe she never got your message

-ph If you want, you call her machine and if she has a lot of beeps ...
... that means she probably didn't get her messages yet

-ch Doesn't that make me seem?

-ro Desperate? Needy? Pathetic? 迫切

-ch You obviously saw my personal ad

-ph How many beeps?

-ch She answered

-mo This is where you'd use that "hello" word

-ch I won't talk to her. She got my message... and choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed 既迫切又被人冷落
God, I miss just being needy

-ph So how's he take it ?

-ra Pretty well, actually

-mo Rach. How come you have dental floss in your hair? 牙线

-ra Oh, do I ?
We ended up having sex in his chair

-mo You had sex in his chair?
I said that a little too loudly, didn't I ?

-ro You had what?

-ph Sex in his chair

-ro What...? What were you thinking?

-ra I don't know. We still care about each other
There's a history there. It's like you and Carol

-ro No, it's nothing like me and Carol

-ra Please, If she said to you,
"Ross, I want you on this couch ... ... right here , right now"
what would you say?

-ch If it helps, I could slide over

-ro It's totally different situation, It's apples and oranges
It's orthodontists and lesbians I gotta go 牙医

-ph Where are you going?

-ro I just have to go, all right?
Do I need reason? I have things to do with my life
I have a jam-packed schedule 很多事
And I am late for keeping up with it, okay?

-ra Mindy Hi, How are you?
Yes, I heard. Congratulations. That is so great
Really, Oh, God
I'm working tomorrow, but if you want
you can come by if you'd like
Ok,great great
So I'll see you tomorrow Okey, Bye
Oh God

-ch So how's Mindy

-ra She wants to see me tomorrow, She sounded weird
I gotta call Barry
It's me , I just ... Mindy
Mindy, No, I figured that's where you'd be

-ch Hell is filled with people like you

 -jo He's back. The peeper's back 偷窥狂
Get down

-ra Get down?

-ch And boogie 跳舞

-ra Thanks, but I gotta go to work
and get my eyes scratched out by Mindy 准备好被明蒂挠个满脸花

-mo Relax, She may not even know

-ra I haven't heard from her in seven months , and now she calls me
What else is it about
She was my best friend. We went to camp together, she taught me how to kiss...
Now, you know, I'm ,like , the other woman
I feel so

-jo Naughty

-ra See you later

-jo Hold up , I'll walk with you
Rach. When she taught you to kiss, you were at camp and ...
were you wearing and kinda little uniform or-
That's fine, yeah

-ch I'm going to the bathroom.  Will you watch my phone?

-mo Why don't you just take it with you

-ch We haven't had a second date... she needs to hear me pee?

-mo Why don't you call her?

-ch I can't call her. I left the message. I have some pride

-mo Do you ?

-ch No.
Danielle, hi . It's Chandler. I'm fine. Listen...
I don't know if you tried to call me because...
I accidentally shut off my phone
That's fine. That's great. Okay
She's on the other line. She's gonna call me back

-mo Don't you have to pee?

-ch That's why I'm dancing

-ra Mindy.

-Mindy Hey,you

-ra So what's up

-Mindy We should really be sitting for this

-ra Sure we should

-Mindy Okay, I'm just gonna ask once, and I want straight answer
Not like when I asked if those red pants made my ass look big
I know things have been weird... but you're my oldest friend in the world except for maybe Laurie Schaffer who I don't talk to anywhere 不再 ... cause she's all bitter now that she lost the weight ... 刻薄 and it turns out, she doesn't have a pretty face
Okay, I'm just gonna say it.
Will you be my maid of honor?

-ra Of cause !
That's all you wanted to ask?

-Mindy That's not all

-ra Oh. sure it is

-Mindy Oh,no,it isn't
I think Barry's seeing someone in the city 还有其他女人

-ra What would make you think that?

-Mindy Ever since we announce the engagement, he's acted weird
And then last night , he came home smelling like Chanel

-ra Really ! Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better... when Barry and I first got engaged , he went through a whole weird things too

-Mindy Oh,God. You see that's what I was afraid of

-ra What's what you were afraid of?

-Mindy When Barry was engaged to you , he and I ... kind of had a little thing on the side
I know ! When he proposed, everyone said "Don't do it . He's just gonna do to you what he did to Rachel" And now I feel so stupid.

-ra Oh Mindy. You are so stupid.
We are both so stupid

-Mindy What do you mean

-ra Smell familiar?
Oh, I'm so sorry

-Mindy Oh, no, me . I am so sorry

-ro Four letters, "circle or hoop" 四个字母 “圈圈或圆圈”

-ch Ring, damn it , ring

-jo You know our phone's not working?

-ch What?

-jo I tried to call you from the coffee shop and there was no answer

-ch I turned it off
Mother of God , I turned it off

-mo Just like you told her you did
Just pointing out the irony 槽点

-jo So listen, I went across the street to the doorman
I got the peeper's name . Can I use the phone?
The number for a Sidney Marks, please

-ro "Heating device"

-ph Radiator 散热器

-ro Five letters

-ph "Rdtor"

-jo Yeah, is Sidney there ?
Oh, this is? Sidney's a woman

-ma So she's a woman, so what?

-jo Yes, so what
Look, I live across the street and I know about your telescope
And I don't appreciate it.
Yeah, I can see you right now. Hello?
If I wanna walk around in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel
Thank you That's not really the point. The point is ,that
Mostly free weights, but occasionally... 常举哑铃
Yeah, my neighbor. Yeah, the brunette 黑褐色头发
She said you looked pretty that day in the green dress

-mo The green dress? Really?

-jo She said you looked like Ingrid Bergman 美女明星

-ch Did she mention me ?

-jo She wants to know why you tie the towel around your head 围巾

-ch It's a leave-in conditioner, okay? 涂了护发素

-ra Hey. Got a second?

-Barry What you guys doing here?

-ra We are her to break up with you

-Barry Both of you

-Mindy Basically We think you're a horrible human being and bad things should happen to you

-Barry I'm sorry I'm a idot. I was weak. I couldn't help myself
Whatever I did , I only did because I love you so much

-ra Which one of us are you talking to there?

-Barry Mindy, Of course, Mindy . It was always Mindy

-ra When we were having sex in that chair?

-Barry I swear, whatever I was doing, I was thinking of you

-ra Please. That second time, you couldn't have picked her out of a lineup 你根本把她忘得一干二净了

-Mindy You did it twice?

-ra The first time didn't really count. You know , it was Barry

-Barry Honey, sweetheart , look, Just give me another chance
We'll start over. We'll go back to Aruba

-ra What is it with you and Aruba? 你怎么那么青睐Aruba
Do you have a deal with the airlines?

-Barry What do you say?

-Bernice Dr.Farber, we've got an emergency here
Jason Castalano 's choking on his retainer 被自己的牙套噎到了

-Barry Oh, God, I'll be right there Bernice
Look, please, please don't go anywhere
I'll be right back

-ra Okay, and we'll be here , hating you
See how he was sweating when he walked out? 满身大汗
Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much 我抓住他那里
you just jump right in there and take some punches
because I'm telling you, this fells great

-Mindy Yeah? I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna marry him

-ra What are you talking about?
Mindy , the gay is the devil
He is Satan in a smock 衣冠禽兽

-Mindy I know he's not perfect
But the truth is at the end of the day
I still really wanna be... Mrs.Dr.Barry Farber...D.D.S
I hope you can find a way to be happy for me
And I hope you'll still be my maid of honor

-ra And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba

-mo You okay?

-ra Yea, Since I ran out on Barry at the wedding...I've wondered whether I made the right choice. And now I know

-mo I'm so glad

-jo Big day


----------

-jo I'll give you this: Mr.Peanut is a better dresser.
He's got the monocle, he's got the top hat... 单片眼镜 高帽

-ph Did you know he's gay?

-ro I just wanna clarify this. Are you outing Mr.Peanut? 你要说清楚了， 这是要帮花生先生出柜吗？

-Danielle Chandler?

-ch Danielle Hi . Everybody , this is Danielle. Danielle, everybody
What are you doing here?

-Danielle I've been calling you, it turns out that I had your number wrong
When I finally got the right one from the information there was no answer
So I thought I'd come down here and make sure you were okay
Maybe we could get together later?

-ch That sounds good. I'll call you
Or you call me, whatever

-Danielle You got it

-mo There you go 干得好

-ro Second date

-ch I don't know
She seems nice any everything but the whole thing about her coming all the way here
...just to see if I was okay? I mean, how needy is that?
