---
layout: article
title: "DDA_ACID"
category: blog
tag:
- DDA 
- english

#excerpt:
toc: flase
image:
#  feature:
    teaser: /blog/2018.05/transaction-processing.png
#  thumb:
date:   2018-05-07 11:28
---

# ACID

> A few years ago heared and learned this terminology : ACID ==> Atomicity ## Consistency, Isolation and Durability
> It's easy to understand in literal meaning But how about in prictice or more deep domain 

## Atomicity

- In general, atomic refers to something that cannot be broken down into smaller parts.
- not about concurrency,because that is covered under the letter I : Isolation
- The ability to abort a transaction on error and have all writes from that transaction discarded is the defining feature of ACID atomicity. Perhaps abortability would have been a better term than atomicity, but we will stick with atomicity since that’s the usual word.

## Consistency

- The idea of ACID consistency is that you have certain statements about your data (invariants) that must always be true
- However, this idea of consistency depends on the application’s notion of invariants, and it’s the application’s responsibility to define its transactions correctly so that they preserve consistency
- The application may rely on the database’s atomicity and isolation properties in order to achieve consistency,but it’s not up to the database alone. Thus, the letter C doesn’t really belong in ACID. 

## Isolation

- concurrency
- The classic database textbooks formalize isolation as serializability, which means that each transaction can pretend that it is the only transaction running on the entire database.
- However, in practice, serializable isolation is rarely used, because it carries a performance penalty.
- but it actually implements something called snapshot isolation, which is a weaker guarantee than serializability

## Durability

- The purpose of a database system is to provide a safe place where data can be stored without fear of losing it.
- 

