---
layout: article
title: "DDA_2PL"
category: blog
tag:
- DDA 
- english

#excerpt:
toc: flase
image:
#  feature:
    teaser: /blog/2018.05/artboard_1x.png
#  thumb:
date:   2018-05-13 11:28
---

# Two-Phase Locking (2PL)

> I Repeat to read Chapter 5 Replication and Chapter 7 Transactions, More intenting to impress some Academic terms, such like "dirty read/write, write skew, 2PL..." . All most about to tradeoff correct and performance, Unfortunately, no perfect methond in our epoch :( 
> 
>  So, It's just struggle this vortex, and find some more useful things in practical Such as : 2PL *.*

For around 30 years, there was only one widely used algorithm for serializability in databases: two-phase locking (2PL).

## Content
[Snapshot isolation]() : readers never block writers && writers never block readers
[Two-Phase Locking (2PL)]() : Provides serializability, it protects againse all the race conditions discussed earlier, including lost updates and write skew

## Implementation of two-phase locking
[shared mode or in exclusive mode]():
-  If a transaction wants to read an object, it must first acquire the lock in shared mode. Several transactions are allowed to hold the lock in shared mode simultaneously, but if another transaction already has an exclusive lock on the object, these transactions must wait.
-  If a transaction wants to write to an object, it must first acquire the lock in exclusive mode. No other transaction may hold the lock at the same time (either in shared or in exclusive mode), so if there is any existing lock on the object, the transaction must wait.
-  If a transaction first reads and then writes an object, it may upgrade its shared lock to an exclusive lock. The upgrade works the same as getting an exclusive lock directly.
-  After a transaction has acquired the lock, it must continue to hold the lock until the end of the transaction (commit or abort). This is where the name “two-phase” comes from: the first phase (while the transaction is executing) is when the locks are acquired, and the second phase (at the end of the transaction) is when all the locks are released.

Since so many locks are in use, it can happen quite easily that transaction A is stuck waiting for transaction B to release its lock, and vice versa. This situation is called deadlock. The database automatically detects deadlocks between transactions and aborts one of them so that the others can make progress. The aborted transaction needs to be retried by the application.

## Performance of two-phase locking
- quite unstable latencies,
- deadlocks

## Predicate locks
- solving : [meeting room booking example]()
- How do we implement this? Conceptually, we need a predicate lock [3]. It works similarly to the shared/exclusive lock described earlier, but rather than belonging to a particular object (e.g., one row in a table), it belongs to all objects that match some search condition, such as:
- The key idea here is that a predicate lock applies even to objects that do not yet exist in the database, but which might be added in the future (phantoms). If two-phase locking includes predicate locks, the database prevents all forms of write skew and other race conditions, and so its isolation becomes serializable

Unfortunately, predicate locks do not perform well: if there are many locks by active transactions, checking for matching locks becomes time-consuming.


## Index-range locks (also known as next-key locking)

This provides effective protection against phantoms and write skew. Index-range locks are not as precise as predicate locks would be (they may lock a bigger range of objects than is strictly necessary to maintain serializability), but since they have much lower overheads, they are a good compromise.
> lock index rather than stricly things==> lower overheads ? 

## SUMMARY
> 
> When I write this done, I have nothing ta all, I just know 2PL is more strong isolation level Using : shared lock and exclusive lock implement Predicate locks and index_range locks
> 
> How to solve the Meeting room booking Question ?





