---
layout: pureread
title: "Friends_0106"
modified: 2018.04.22
category: work_record
tag:
- english

#excerpt:
toc: false
image:
#  feature:
    teaser: /teaser/gil.jpg
#  thumb:
date: 2018.04.22
---
> mo]() ra ph  ro ch jo



# Friends 01-06 屁股秀(jo)



- ra  Ooh! Look! There's Joey's picture! This is so exciting!
- Ch You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. 一大把没看过他表演的人 Notice, no fear, no sense of implending doom… 世界末日
- ro "The role of man number three will not be played by Vic Shapiro." We came on the wrong night.
- mo I can't believe I forgot a magazine.
- ra Come on, this might be good.
- ph I don't know. The exclamation point in the title scares me 惊叹号 Y'know, it's not just Freud, it's Freud!
- ch Oh, shhh. Magic is about to happen.
- jo Well. Eva, you've done some excellent work here,  and I would have to say, your problem is very clear. All you want is a tinkle 风铃 What you envy's a schwang 你讨厌流行的东西 A thing through which you can tincle 听他发出清脆的声音 To play with or simple let hang 
- ra God. I feel violated 
- mo Did anybody else feel they just wanted to peel the skin off their body , to have something else to do ? 有没有观众宁愿被扒皮也不想看这场演出
- ch Ross, ten o'clock
- Ro Is it? Feels like two 
- ch No, ten o'clock. There's a beautiful woman at eight, nine, ten o'clock !  She is amazing . She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men !
- mo Well, go over to her! She's not with anyone.
- ch Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be ? 我该用什么开场白 'Excuse me. Blabalbla'
- ra Oh, come on. She's a person, you can do it!
- ch Oh please, could she be more out of my league 她和我真的相差很多好吗! Ross, back me up here 帮我壮壮胆
- ro He could never get a woman like that in a million years.
- ph Oh, oh, but y'know you always see these really beautiful women with these really nothing guys, you could be one of those guys.
- mo You could do that!
- ch Oh God, I can't believe I'm even considering this… I'm very very aware of my tongue… 层次
- ro Stand back, everyone. Incoming ego shrapnel 自信的爱之炮火来袭
- ch All right, I can do this,Hi .. um.. okay, next word… would be… Chandler! Chandler is my name, and uh… hi..
- Aurora yes , you said that,
- ch Yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say , what I wanted to say was, would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou,goodnight.
- ro I didn't know you could dance!
- jo what think! Come on, you guys, it wasn't that bad. I was the lead. It was better than that thing I did with the trolls 轮唱 at least you got to see my head. How about that accent? 德国口音
- ra Yeah. All of you W's were V's
- ch She said yes!!! Awful play, man. Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way 我喜欢她这样称呼我 Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you 领座员
- jo The Estelle Leonard Talent Agency 艾斯特尔 莱纳德经纪公司 Wow, 按 agency left me its card! maybe they wanna sign me!
- ph Based on this play? Based on this play!
- jo Look! There's a note on the back "Loved your work. Call me a sap" 请叫我挖墙脚的 She was obviously very moved 
- ro You should call her fairly quickly 马上
- jo Yeah! As soon as possible!

------

- jo Hi. I'm here to see Estelle Leonard 
- Estelle just a moment, let me see if she;s in 
- jo You're Estelle? 
- Estelle I know … you wasn't expecting someone so fantastically beautifule .  Love lump 笨小伙 , Take a load off already, darling. Sit already.
- jo I can't tell you how excited I am to be here.
- Estelle Why not?
- jo What I meant was ..
- Estelle You don't mind if I eat, do you ? Joey … sweetheard ,let me ask you a question Did you ever see the movie Sleepless in Seattle ? 西雅图未眠夜
- Jo Wow! Do you represent those actors ? 代理
- Estelle No, but you know the end, where they're happy each other. That's gonna be you and me.
- jo You mean you wanna sign me?
- Estelle No, I wanna go to the top of the Empire State Building and make out 亲热 Of course I wanna sign you ! Ride them , cowboy 淡定,牛仔

------

- ro I dont see it! I dont see it!
- ch Try to look through it. 
- mo Unfocus your eyes.
- Focus? There's nothing to focus on 
- ph It's the Statue of Liberty! 
- ro Where's the Statue of Liberty? Where?
- Ph There, I cant not see it now
- ch Hey, kids!
- ro Come here, Do you see anyting here ?
- ch It looks like a boat.
- ro A boat.
- ch Right in front of the Statue of Liberty. Well I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went
- mo Oh right, How was your date, 'Chand-lrr'?
- ch It was unbelievable I I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life. She was in the Israeli army… 以色列
- Aurora … Luckily none of the bullets hit the engine block 引擎块 So, we made it to the border, but just barely and I … 真是有惊无险 I've been talking about myself all night loing. I'm sorry. What about you? Tell me one of your stories.
- ch Aright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn… just for the hell of it 然后活着回来 We talked till like two. It was this perfect eveing… more or less 可以这么说
- Aurora …All of a sudden we realised we were in Yammon
- ch Oh, I'm sorry, so "we" is ?
- Aurora "We" would be me and Rick.
- ch Who is Rick.
- Aurora My husband
- ch Oh, so you're divorced ? 离婚 Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed? … Hopefully? 寡妇
- Aurora No, I'm still married.
- ch So tell me, how do - how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me? Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg 而且你的脚搭在我大腿上 you can count the change in my pocket 都可以数清我口袋里的零钱了
- Aurora Don't worry. I imagine he'd be okay with you because really he's okay with Ethan 
- ch Ethan? There's there's an Ethan?
- Aurora Mmmmm… Ethan is my… boyfriend
- ch So explain something to me here . What kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
- Aurora I suppose mainly sexual 大概是炮友关系吧
- mo I'm sorry it didn't work out 
- ch What 'not woke out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
- mo Didn't you listen to the story? This is twisted? 太离谱了 How could you get involved with a woman like this ?
- ch Well, y'know I had some trouble with it at first too,but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff , 这事我完全不吃亏啊 the fun all the talking, all the sex and none of the responsibility I mean, this is every guy's fantasy!
- ph Oh,yeah. That is not true Ross, is this your fantasy?
- ro No, of course not! Yeah
- mo So you guys don't mind going out with someone else who's going out with someone else ?
- jo I couldn't do it . When Im with a woman, I need to know that I'm going out with more people than she is 
- ph Once, I want out with a guy who just got divorced. It was hard, His kids liked me better than him
- mo Phoebe, what dose this have to do with Chandler?
- ph Nothing, I didn't have anything on that topic. So I went another way
- ro Well, y'know, monogamy can be a , trickey concept 一夫一妻,值得商榷 I mean, anthropolagically speaking 就人类学的观点而言 Fine, Fine, alright, now you'll never know 这是你们的损失 
- mo We're kidding 
- ro Alright, There's a theory, put forth by Richard Leakey-

------

- ch Are we greeting each other this way now? Cause I like that 
- ra Look! I cleaned! I did the windows, Idid the floors… I even used all the attachments on the vacuum 吸尘器 except that little round one with the bristles 除了圆形有鬃毛的那个之外 I don't know what that's for
- ro Oh yeah, nobody knows. And we're not supposed to ask
- ra Well , what think?
- mo Oh! I see you moved the green ottoman 软椅 How did that happen ?
- Ra I don't know .. I thought it looked better there And I and alse, it's 按 extra seat around the coffee table 
- mo Yeah, it's interesting but you know what? just for fun Let's see what it looked like in the old spot Alright, just to compare Let's see. Well , it looks goods there too. Let's just leave it there for a while
- ph I can't believe you tried to move the green ottoman 
- ch Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines 摊开杂志 I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out  否则她铁定会挖出你的眼睛
- mo You guys , I am not that bad!
- ph Yeah, you are, Monica, Remember when I lived with you ? You were a littl, you know 
- mo That is so unfair!
- ro Oh Come on ! When we were kids yours was the only Raggedy Ann doll that wasn't reggedy ! 邋遢
- mo Okay, so I'm responsible , I'm organised But hey , I can be a kook 懒散
- ro Aright, you madcap gal , Try to imagine this 懒女人  The phone bill arrives , but you don't pay it right away . Because you're a kook! Instead you wait until they end you a notice 直到
- mo I can do that
- ra Okay, uh , you let me go grocery shopping 日常商品 and I buy laundry detergent 洗衣粉 but its not the one with the easy-pour spout 是那种很难导出来的那种
- Mo Why would someone do that ?! One might wonder 有人会想
- ch Someone's left a glass on the coffee table There's no coaster 杯垫 It's a cold drink, it's a hot day . Little beads of condensation are inching there way 冷气凝结的小水珠 closer and closer to the surface of the wood,,
- mo Stop it, Oh my God, It's true! Who am I?
- ro Monica? you're Mom
- jo Uh, Oh my God! I'll be there That was my agent 经纪人 My agent has just gotten me a job … in the new AL Pacino movie! Can you belive this? AL Pacino! This guy's the reason I became an actor! "I'm out of order? Pfeeeh. You're out of order! This whole courtroom's out of order" (《伸张正义》中的台词) 整个审判
- Ph Seriously, what-what's the part?
- Jo "Just wen I thought I was out, they pull me back in" 《教父》中的台词
- ro Come on, seriously, Joey, what's the part?
- ra You're mahmahmah what?
- jo I'm his butt double okay? 屁股替身 I play AL Pacina's butt, Alright? He gose into the shower and then I'm his butt.
- Mo Oh my God
- fo Come on you guys. This is real movie , and AL Pacino's in it and that's big !
- ch You deserve this, after all your years of struggling You've finally been able to crack your way into shobusiness 终于开辟了演艺道路进军大银幕了
- Jo Okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me
- ro You're right, So you gonna invite us all to the big opening 你会邀请我们参加你的首映会吗

------

- jo Here, I need to borrow some moisturizer 保湿乳液
- mo For What ? 
- Jo What you think ? Today's the big day! You got any tweezers ? 镊子 I think I have a rogue hair 毛发太乱了
- mo Oh my God. Okay, go into the bathroom, use whatever you want , just dont ever tell me what you didi in there
- ch Where's Joey? His mom's on the phone 
- mo He's in the bathroom. I don't think you wanna go in there !
- ch Come on , we're roommates! My eyes
- mo I warned you 
- ra  Who is being loud ?
- ch Oh, that would be Monica Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast 
- mo Oh, you got the whole night , huh?
- ch Yeah, well I only have twenty minutes until Ethan so y'know
- ra Oh, do I sense a little bit of resentment?  这幽怨的语气是怎么回事
- ch No , no resentment believe me , its worth ok? You Know in a relationshop you have these key moments that you know youll remember for the rest of your life?  Well ecery single - second is like that with Aurora… and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people ,so uh Monica can you help me with the door?
- mo Sure, Oh, Chandler? y'know the old Monica would remind you to scrub that Teflon pan with a plastic brush 会提醒你刷特氟龙锅时要用塑料刷 But Im not gonna do that

------

- jo Excuse me? Do you think they can warm it up ? I'm concerned about goodse bumps 这儿可以热身一下吗,我都起鸡皮疙瘩了
- direct Okay, everybody ready?
- Jo Uh, listen, I just wanna thank you for this great opportunity . I mean, I know this is just a first step but I hope that someday 
- direct Lose the robe 解开浴袍
- Jo Right, Okay , Losing the robe  And the robe is lost
- direct Okay, everybody, we'd like to get this in one take, please 希望这条能一次通过 Lets roll it 放水 work's working  and … action. and cut hey butt guy, what the hell are you doing? 屁股男
- Jo Well I'm showering 
- direct No, that was cleaching 你屁股夹太紧了
- jo Oh, Well, the way I see it, the guy's upset here , y'know ? I mean, his wife's dead, his brother's missing… I think his butt would be angry here 
- direct I think his butt would like to get this shot before lunch 我觉得她的屁股应该想在午餐前杀青 Once again, roll water working …. 开机放水 and action… and cut What was that ?
- jo I was going for quiet desperation 我要表现出绝望 But if you have to ask ...

------

- ch God, I love these fingers… 
- Aurora Thank you
- ch No, actually I meant my fingers Look at them, look at how happy they are 
- Aurora Oh my god, I'm late Oh, no, I have to  I'm sorry. He'll be waiting for me
- ch Well, I thought- I thought you talk to Rick
- Aurora It's not Rick
- ch What , Ethan ? He got to spend the whole day with you !
- Aurora No, it's Andraw
- ch I know there'll be many moments in the years to come when I'll regret 后悔 asking the following question , but -  and Andrew is ?
- Aurora He's .. new
- ch Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself ? 
- Aurora No, that's not exactly what I was … 
- ch Well, y'know, most women would kill for three guys like us 我们三个不知能迷死多少女人
- Aurora So what do you want? You have me 
- ch Nono , just you   
- Aurora What do you mean?
- ch Lose the other guys 
- Aurora Like … all of them?
- Ch Come on, we're great togethr , why not ?
- Aurora Why can't we just have what we have now  我们为何不能及时行乐 Why can't we just talk and laugh, and make love  without feeling obligated to one another… 彼此没有任何负担 and up until tonight I thought that's what you wanted too
- ch Well, y'know, part of me wants that but its like Im two guys, you know ? I mean, one guy's going "shut up! this is great!" But there's this other guy Actually its the same guy that wells up every time 他每次都会浮现出来  that Grinch's heart grows three sizes 就好像圣诞怪杰的心扩大三倍 and breaks that measuring device… 砸掉测量计那样 And he's saying, y'know This is too hard ! Get OUt! get out! 停下
- Aurora So.. which one of the two guys will you listen to ? 
- ch I don't know , I have to listen to both of them , they don't exactly let each other finish …The second guy.
- Aurora Well, call me if you change your mind 
- ch Sorry, the first guy runs the lips 

------

- Ro Look at it this way : you dumped her, Right ?
- I mean, this woman was unbelievable sexy and beautiful , intelligent, unattainable … Tell me why you did this again?
- Mo Hey, wait, aren't you the guy that plays the butt in the new AL Pacina movie?
- Jo Nope 
- ro NO? What happend , big guy?
- ch Big guy?
- ro It felt like a "big guy" moment 
- jo I got fired. Yeah, they said I actor too much with it . I told everybody about this! Now everybody's gonna go to the theatre expecting to see me , and ...
- ra Oh, Joey, you know what, no-one is gonna be able to tell 
- jo My mom will
- ch Something so sweet and .. disturbing about that 
- Jo Y'know, I've done nothing but crappy plays for six years 六年来我除了演些烂角色一事无成 and I finally get my shot , and I blow it 如今机会来了,我竟将它搞砸
- Mo Maybe this wasn't your shot 机会
- ro Yeah, I mean.. I think when its your shot , y'know you-you know it's your shot . Did it .. feel like your shot ?
- Jo Hard to tell ,I was naked 
- Ph No, I don't think this was your shot . I mean , I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you , I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his frients and go 'I got the part! I got the part!  I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass ! '
- Jo Yeah? That's so nice!
- mo I'm sorry , Joey I'm gonna go to bed, guys
- ra Uh, Mon, you-you gonna leave your shoes out here ? Really ? just casually strewn about in that reckless haphazard manner ? 就这样随随便便地乱丢吗
- Mo Doesn't matter, I'll get tomorrow. Or not Whenver
- ro She is a kook 


- Mo If it bothers you that much , just go out and get the shoes. No Don't do this, This is stupid! I don't have to prove anything, I'm gonna go get them…But then everyone will know . Unless I get them, and then wake up really early and put them back . I need help!

------

- ch All you want is dinkle
- jo Oh, no Not that song!
- ro All you envy's a schwang A think through which you can tinkle Or play with or simply let hang