---
layout: pureread
title: "Friends_0111"
modified: 2018.04.22
category: work_record
tag:
- english

#excerpt:
toc: false
image:
#  feature:
    teaser: /teaser/gil.jpg
#  thumb:
date: 2018.04.22
---
> ra ph  ro ch jo NoreBing Paolo



# Friends 01-11 宾太太(ch)



------

- ph Do you think they have yesterday's Daily News? 你想他们有昨天的 每日新闻报 吗
- mo why
- ph I just wanna check my horoscope , see if it was right 星座占卜
- mo Oh my god! Dont look now. Behind you there's a guy… who can break our hearts and plunge us into depression 心碎欲绝,痛不欲生
- ph Come to mama
- mo He's coming Be cool, Be cool 
- Headsome Nice hat
- ph We should do something Whistle 
- mo I'm not whistling
- ph I cant believe you did that

------

- ph It's all my fault
- mo No,it's mine Why did I whoo-hoo? Was I hoping he'd turn around and say… I love that sound , I must have you now?
- ph I wish there was something we could do  Hello, coma guy 昏迷的帅哥 Get up you Girl Scout! Upupup 美女杀手
- mo Phoebe ,what are you doing ? Maybe nobody's tried this I wish we at least know this name
- ph I hate that they're calling him John Doe 无名氏 It's so sad It's like he's a deer , a female deer 小雄鹿 Oh I was gonna stop
- mo Look at that face I mean, even sleeping he looks smart 
- ph Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckless 手指节上的茧子 That means he's artisitic
- mo Okay, He's Lawyer who teaches sculpting on the side 兼职教雕塑 And He can dance
- ph And He's the kind of guy who, when you're talking, he's listening… Not saying I understand But really wandering what you look like naked
- mo I wish all guys could be like him
- ph I know

------

- ro I dont get it , You dont even know this guy
- ch Are there no conscious men in the city for you two?
- mo He doesn't have anyone
- ph Yeah, we-we feel kinda of responsible
- jo I cant believe you said "whoo-hoo" I dont even say "whoo-hoo"
- ra Oh, She's coming up, She's coming up!
- host Folks, when we come back  观众们,我们稍后 we'll be talking about her new book, "Euphoria Unbound" 往日情谊 the always interesting Nora Tyler Bing You might wanna put the kids to bed for this one
- Ch Y'know we dont have to watch this Weekend at Bernie's is on  showtime HBO, and Cinemax 
- ra Noway, forget it 
- Jo Come on she's your mom!
- ch Exactly, Weekend at Bernie's 老板去度假 Dead guy getting hit in the groin 20,30 times 尸体的腹股沟被打了二三十下哦
- ra Chandler I got to tell you  I love your mom's books! I love her books I cant get on a plane without one I mean, this is so cool
- ch Yeah, well you wouldn't think it was cool If you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of "Mistress Bitch" 情妇婊子
- mo I remever page 79
- jo The thing after the opera with the girl with the trick hip 和那个翘臀姑娘看完歌剧之后的那个一段
- ro Come on Chandler I love your mom I think she's blast 不同凡响
- ch You can say that because she's not your mom
- Ro When did Rigationi 意大利佬 get back from Rome?
- mo Last night
- ro Really So his plane didn't explode in a big ball of fire? 爆炸 Just a dream I had But phew!
- Ph Hey hey she's on
- Paolo Nore Bing
- host  Back to the book What is this about you being arrested in LOndon What is that all about 
- ph Your mom was arrested?
- ch I'm busy beaming with pride 正感到无比的骄傲
- NoreBing This is kind of embarrassing … but occasionally after I've been intimate with a man 亲密
- ch Why would she say that's embarrassing?
- NoreBing I just get this craving for kung pao chicken 我就非常想吃宫保鸡丁
- Ch That's too much information

------

- NoreBing Needless to say, he got a huge tip 不必说,他当然有个大家伙
- ra Oh, God, I love her
- ch I think I'm having a stroke  中风
- host Aright, So now youre doing this whole book tour thing How is that going
- NoreBing Oh, fine , I'm leaving for New York tomorrow which I hate But I get to see my son who I love
- ch This is the way that I find out  Most moms use the phone
- host Yknow , dont take this wrong  别误会 I just dont see you as a mom somhow … I dont mean that, I dont mean that bad
- NoreBing Oh no I'm a fabulous mom 很开明 I bought my son his first condoms
- ch And than he burst into flames 欲火焚身

------

- mo Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit- reduction bill 议会正在讨论一项新的赤字消减法案 The mayor wants to raise subway fares again 市长 The high today was 45 And teams played sports
- ph What about Glen? He could be a Glen
- mo Nah,,, not special enough
- ph How about Agamemnon?
- mo Way too special 太特别了

------

- NoreBing I'm famished, What do I want? 我饿死了
- ch Please, God ,don't let it be kung pao chicken
- NoreBing You watched the show, What did you think
- ch I think you need to come out of you shell 你应该更开放一些
- ro What is this dive 这是什么小饭店 Only you could've picked this place
- NoreBing Come on, Shut up it's fun Give me a hug I heard about the divorce . Lesbian, huh? Well you know what they say Be careful what you wish for Well, I think we're ready for some tequila 龙舌酒
- ch I know I am
- NoreBing Who's doing shots 谁想来干一杯 You go Ross
- ro I'm not really a shot-drinking kind of guy 我不是那种喜欢喝酒一口干的人
- ra Hi Sorry we're late we uh kind of just, you know lost track of time
- ro But a man can change Anyone want me to appraise anything? 有人想要我评价什么事吗 Well, I'm gonna go to tinker-town 方便一下
- ra Mrs Bing I have to tell you I've read everything you've ever written No I mean it I mean when I read Euphoria at Midnight 爽在午夜 all I wanted to do was become a writer
- NoreBing Oh , please honey listen if I can do it , anyone can You just start with half a dozen European cities… throw in thirty euqhemisms for male genitalia 以30个委婉语形容男性生殖器 … and Bam! You have got yourself a book
- ch My mother, Ladies and gentlemen
- NoreBing Yeah, any messages for room 226? You okay slugger 猛男  What is with you tonight Okay thank you It's the Italian hand-licker isn't it 意大利舔手男
- ro No, it's the one he's licking 是因为被他舔的那个人
- NoreBing She's supposed to be with you
- ro You're good
- NoreBing Oh Ross listne to me I have sold 100 million copies of my books
- Ro The girl on the cover with her nipples showing 因为封面上的辣妹漏俩点
- NoreBing No because I know how to write men that women fall in love with Believe me, I cannot sell a Paolo 保罗没有市场 People will not turn 325 pages for a Paolo Come on the guy's a secondary characer 二流角色 Ykonw complication you eventually kill off 最终还是会被你打败的
- ro when
- NoreBing He's not a hero You know who our hero is
- ro The guy on the cover with his nipples showing 
- NoreBing The fact that you dont think you are makes you sexier 事实是,你觉得自己没以前更性感了
- ro I'll just pee in the street

------

- Jo In bizarro world 疯狂时间中[漫画超人中的地方]
- ro Getting in an ealy morning racquetball game 壁球 apparently somebody overslept 
- jo You dont have your racket 球拍
- ro I dont because it's being restrung 换线了 Somebody was supposed to bring me one 帮我准备一个的
- jo But you didnt call and leave your grep size 手柄尺寸
- ch Okay, you guys spend way too much time together 
- ro Okay I'm scum 人渣 It's not like she;s a regular mom not in the same way I think we're getting into a weird area here NOt playing requetball
- ch He forgot to leave this grip size
- Ro He didnt get the goggles 护目镜
- ra Sounds have you do have issues
- ro Do they wait for me to do this 故意做给我看的吗
- jo He's not even waring a jockstarp 护挡

------

- ph change his pajamas 睡衣 
- jo Konwledge is a tricky thing 知道这个概念很值得玩味
- ch I;m still mad at you for not telling me 
- jo knockout 迷人