---
layout: pureread
title: "Friends_0110"
modified: 2018.04.22
category: work_record
tag:
- english
- friends

#excerpt:
toc: false
image:
#  feature:
    teaser: /teaser/gil.jpg
#  thumb:
date: 2018.04.22
---
> ra ph  ro ch jo



# Friends 01-10 猴子(ro)

------

- ph All right! You guys It's staring to snow And look, Ugly Naked Guy is hanging candy canes 挂糖果腾
- ra Where … Oh, Well That's festive 真有节日气氛
- Ro Guys there's somebody I'd like you to meet
- mo Wait, wait , What is that?
- ro That's Marcel. Wanna say hi?
- mo No, I don't 
- ra Oh, he is precious! Where'd you get him?
- ro My friend Bethel saved him from a lab
- ph That is so cruel 残忍 Why? why would a parent name their child Bethel ? Bethel又有圣地 礼拜堂的意思
- ch Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass
- mo Ross, it he gonna live with you, like , in your apartment?
- ro Yeah. I mean, it's been kinda quiet since Carol left, so...
- mo Why don't you just get a roommate?
- ro Nah, I don't know… I think you reach a certain age having a roommate is kinda pathe… 可悲 Sorry, that's 'pathet' 可佩 which is Sanskrit for 'really cool way to live' 在梵语中代表品

------

- ph So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight 全新的曲目 I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide and one about a snowman 
- Ch You might wanna open with the snowman
- mo So how'd it go?
- jo I didn't get the job
- Ro How could you not get it? You were Santa last year 圣诞老人
- jo I don't know Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager He's not even jolly. It's all political 潜规则
- Mo So what are you ganna be?
- Jo I'm gonna be one of his helpers It's just such a slap in the face 当头一棒 , you know
- ra Hey do you guys know that what you're doing for New Year's Gee, what? What is wrong with new Year's
- ch Nothing for you, you have Paolo You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday : desperate scramble to find anything with lips 绝望中挣扎 just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man I'm talking loud!
- ra Well, for your information 跟你说一下 Paolo is gonna be in Rome this NewYear I'll be just as pathetic as you.
- ph Yeah, you wish
- ch I've got an idea. Dinner
- ro It's perfect. We'll put it between lunch and breakfast 
- Ch I'm sick of beging a victim of  this Dick Clark Holiday 我不想再成为迪克拉客[新年庆典主持]的疲劳轰炸受害人 I say this year, no dates We make a pact, 协议 Just the six of us  dinner Y'know I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm 本来更希望更开心点
- ra Phoebe , you're on Okay, hi Ladies and gentlemen,back by popular demand 应大家要求 … Miss Phoebe Buffay
- ph Hi Thanks I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year "I made a man with eyes of coal 我用煤当眼球堆了一个雪人 and a smile so bewitching 迷人的笑容 How  was I supposed to know  我怎能忘记 That my mom was dead in the kitchen? Lalalalal… My mother's ashes Even her eyelashes 眼睫毛 Are resting in a little yellow jar 都装在一个小黄坛子里 and sometims when it's freezing 在有风的时候 I feel a little sneezy 我有点想打喷嚏 And now I …" Excuse me? Yeah, noisy boys Is it something that you would like to sahre with the entire group
- max No that's okay
- ph Well, come on, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing Then I assume it's important enough for everyone else to hear
- ch That guys going home with a note
- David Noth I was just saying to my
- ph Could you speak up please?
- David Sorry I was saying to my friend that I thought you were the most beautiful woman that I'd ever seen in my life And then He said - yo said you thought Daryl Hannah was the most beautifule woman that he'd ever seen in his life And I said yeah, I liked her in Splash , a lot 美人鱼 but not so much in  Wall Street 华尔街 I thought She had a hard quality 没什么气质 And uh, while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in a conventional way 流行的美  you are luminous with a kind of a delicate grace 但你全身都散发着难得的古典美 Then uh, that's when you started yelling
- ph Okay, we're gonna take a short break
- jo That guys going home with more than a note

------

- ro Come herem Marcel Sit here
- ra Pheebs , I cant believe he hasn't kissed you yet I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo I mean he had already named both my breasts! Did I just share too much?
- ro Just a smidge 一点点
- ph David's like y'know a scientist guy, He's very methodical 做事一丝不苟
- mo I think it's romantic 
- ph Me too! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman 军官与绅士 Well he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with  Except, he's smarter and gentler and sweeter… I just wanna be with gim all the time Day and night and night and day… and special occasions...
- ch Wait a minute, I see where this is going You're gonna ask him to New Year's arent you You're gonna break the pact She gonna break the pact.
- ph NO,nononoo, Yeah, could I just
- ch Yeah, I already asked Janice
- ro Come on this was a pact! This was your pact!
- ch I snapped 我反悔了 okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped
- mo Yeah, But Janice? That was like the worst breakup in history 分手的时候不是闹得特别糟糕吗
- ch I'm not saying it was a good idea I'm saying I snapped
- jo Hi sorry I'm late
- ch Too many jokes…must mock Joey! 快嘲笑 
- jo Nice shoes,huh? 鞋子正点吧
- ch God, you're killing me
- mo Ross, he's playing with my spatulas again! 铲子
- ro Okay, look, he's not gonan hurt them right?
- mo Do you always have to bring him
- Ro I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright We had our first fight this morning I think it has to do with my woking late 可能和我昨天工作晚归有关 I said some things that I did't mean 我无心说了一些话 and he threw some faeces 大便 
- ch Y'know If you're gonna work late I could look in on him for you 
- ro Oh, that's be great but if you do make sure it seems like you're there to see him okay 装作是去找他的 and you're not like doing it as a favour to me 而不是过去帮我忙的 
- ch Okay, But if he asks , I'm not going to lie 我就直说了

------

- David But,you can't actually test this theory because today's particle accelerators are nowhere near powerful enough 目前的量子加速器还远无法达到 to simulate these condition… 模仿
- ph Okay, alright , I have a question, then  Um, were you planning on kissing me over?
- david Uh, that's definitely a valid question And the answer would be … yes Yes I was But I wanted it to be this phenomenal kiss 特殊 that happend at this phenomenal moment beacause , well, cause it's you
- ph Sure
- david Right , but , see , the longer I waited the more phenomenal the kiss had to be and now we've reached a place where it's just gotta be one of those things where I just like…  sweep everything off the table and throw you down on it  And uh, I'm not really a sweeping sorta fella 乱挥东西的人 
- ph Oh, David, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella  I mean, you're a sweaper … trapped inside a physicist's body 被困在物理学家体内的猛男 I'm sure, You should just do it, just sweep and throw me 
- david Now? Now?
- ph right, now 
- david Okokok, You know what? This was just really expensive And I'll take- this was a gift
- ph Okay, now you're just kinda tidying 收拾东西
- David Okay, what the hell, what the hell You want me to actually throw you or you wanna just hop? 
- ph I can hop

------

- ro So tell me something What does the phrase 'no date pact' mean to you?
- mo I'm sorry ,okay It's just that Chandler has somebody and Phoebe has somebody… I thought I'd ask Fun Bobby
- ch Fun Bobby? You ex-bodyfirend Fun Bobby?
- jo You know more than one Fun Bobby?
- Ch I happen to know a Fun Bob
- ra Okay, Here we go
- jo There's no room for milk
- ra There ,Now there is 
- ro Okay, so on our no-date evening three of you now have dates
- Jo Four
- ra Five  Sorry . Paolo's catching an earlier flight
- jo Yeah, and I met this really hot single mom at the store What's an elf to do ? 我这个小精灵怎能抗拒
- ro Okay, So I'm gonna be the only one standing there alone when the ball drops?
- ra Oh, come on We'll have, we'll have a big party and no-one'll know who's with who
- ro Hey, y'know, this is not what I needed right now
- mo What's the matter?
- ro Oh, it's Marcel He's angry with me, I have no idea why He keeps shutting me out, y'know He's walking around all the time dragging his hands 一直拖着手在屋里走来走去 
- ch That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night 玩得很愉快 Yeay, we play,we watch TV  The juggling thing is amazing 杂耍
- ro What, what juggling thing?
- ch With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that 抛袜子卷成的球 Y'know , it wasnt that big a deal  He just balled up socks.. and a melon 香瓜
- max Phoebe! Hi
- ph Oh hi Max do you know everybody?
- max No, have you seen David
- ph No,no he hasnt been around
- max Well, if you see him, tell him to pack his bags We are going to Minsk Minsk it's in Russia
- ph I know where Minsk is 
- max We got the grant 奖金 Three years, all expenses paid
- ch And If you're gonna do Minsk, that's the way to go
- ph So when do you leave?
- max January 1 st

------

- ph Hello
- David Hi, What are you doing here?
- ph Um,well, Max told me about Minsk, So you know, Congratulations! This is so exciting!
- Max It'd be even more exciting if we were going
- Ph Oh, you're not going? oh why?
- max Tell her David, I don't manna go to Minsk and work with Lifon and Yamaguchi and Flench , nonononno. I wanna stay and make out with my girlfriend!
- David Okay, thank you 
- ph So you're really not going?
- david I dont know, I dont know what I'm gonna do , I just… How could I leave you? I just find you
- Ph Oh,David, But what are you gonna do?
- david I dont know, you decide
- ph Oh dont do that, olease
- David But I'm asking you
- ph I cant make a decision … Okay ,stay … getting so good at that! 
- david That is Max stuff

------

- Janice I love this artichoke thing 朝鲜荀 Oh dont tell me what's in it, the diet starts tomorrow
- ch You remember Janice
- mo Vividly How are you
- janice I am fantastic Now  It's amazing. We're been back together for what… Like 10 minutes, and ...
- ch Is that all?
- janice It's like we were never apart  Of course, we were , but Forgive and forget Well,forget
- Sandy Hi I'm Sandy
- jo Sandy Hi ,come on in You brought your kids 
- Sandy Yeah, That's okay ,right?
- ro Party!
- mo The thing is not coming in here?
- ro That thing? this is how you greet guests as a party? Let me ask you something IF I showed up here with my new girlfriend she wouldn't be welcome in your home?
- mo I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate 小便 on my coffee table 
- ro Okaym, He was more embarrassed about that than anyone, Okay 他已经够难为情了 行吗 And for him to have the courage to 鼓起勇气 walk back in here like nothing happened...
- mo All right, just keep from him away from me
- ro Thank you . Come on Marcel What say you and I do a little mingling 咱们去寒暄一下吧 All right, I'll catch up with you later
- mo Oh, my gosh! Rachel, honey, are you okay Where is Paolo
- ra Rome, Jerk missed his flight 笨蛋
- ph and then your face exploded
- ra No, Okay, I was at the airport getting into a cab when this woman- this blonde planet with a pockebook 拿着袖珍书的金发女人 starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first And then the next thing I know she just starts pulling me out by my hair So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy 拿出哨子使劲吹 and three more cabs show up And As I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me 打我 And I hit my head on the curb 路沿 and cut my lip on my whistle Everybody having fun at the party? Are people eating my dip? 蘸酱 
- mo Yes

------

- ra That looks okay, right?
- ph You went a big wide on the lipstick 唇膏涂得有点厚了
- ra Oh, did? It's hard for me to tell. My eye's closing up 我眼睛肿了
- mo Let me get it for you You know what? it looks fine
- ra Okay, here we go Screw Paoplo, screw the psycho cab lady 去他的保罗去他的变态 It's New Year's Eve. Let's have a good time Okay, here we go 
- mo All right, there you go , This way
- Sandy Y'know, when I saw you at the store last week It was probably the first time I ever mentally undressed an elf 我第一次产生了扒光小精灵衣服的念头
- jo Wow, that's dirty Hey kids
- ro Look at him, I'm not saying he has to spend the whole evening with me,… but at least check in 至少过来转转啊
- Janice There you are! You got away from me 差点让你跑掉
- ch But you found me
- Janice Here Ross, take our picture, Smile, you're on Janice Camera
- ch Kill me , kill me now
- Ra Hi, I'm Rachel So whose friend are you ? Look at me, Spilling everywhere 洒的到处都是
- mo Hey everybody, it's Fun Bobby!
- Bobby Hey, sorry I'm late. But my grandfather , he… died about two hours ago But I-I-I couldn't get a flight out until tomorrow So here I am
- jo Hey, Fun Bobby! How's it going man? Whoa! Who died?

------

- Bobby It's gonna be an open casket, you know 开放式棺材 So at least I'll get to see him again
- mo Bobby? Fun Bobby? Let me talk to you for just a second I recently lost a grandparent myself… so I really know exactly how you feel But you're really bringing the party down 气氛弄得很糟
- Bobby I'm sorry
- mo Yeah,Yeah,okay There you go, 
- Janice Oh, I'm gonna blow this one up 我要把这张放大洗出来 and I'm gonna write "Reunited" in glitter 闪闪发光的"破镜重圆"
- ch All right, Janice, that's it! Janice, Janice ,Hey Janice When I invited you ,I didn't think it meant 
- janice on no , on no 
- ch I'm sorray you misunderstood
- janice On my god, You listen to me, Chandler , you listen to me  One of these time is just gonna be your last chance with me Oh, will you give me the thing?
- Ph Hi Max
- Max Yoko 小野洋子造成披头士成员不合 I've decided to go to Minsk without you
- David Wow, it wont be the same...
- max …but it will still be Minsk, Happy New Year
- ph Are you all right?
- David Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine
- ph Youre going to Minsk
- David No I'm not going to Minsk
- ph YOU are so going to Minsk You belong in Minsk, You cant stay here just cause of me
- david Yes I can Because if I go it means I have to break up with you  And I cant break up with you
- ph Oh yes,yes you can Just say Phoebe I love you but my work is my life That's what I have to do And I say "your work? your work How can you say that" Then you say "It's tearing me apart 心如刀割 I have no choice, cant you understand that?" And I say "No no I cant understand that" Oh sorry And then you put you arms around me Then you put your arms around me.  and then you tell me you love me and you'll never forget me 
- david I'll never forget you
- ph And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go… because you dont wanna start the new year with me if you cant finish it 因为如果咱俩不能有结果 你也不愿意和我共度新年 I'm gonna miss you , you scientist guy
- DickClark Hi this is Dick Clark, live in Times Square We're in a virtual snowstorm 五彩纸屑如暴风雪般狂舞 of confetti here in Times Square… 时代广场热闹非凡 It gets better every...
- jo Here you go kis 好好睡吧
- ch And then the peacock bit me 孔雀咬了我 Please kiss me at midnight
- jo You seen Sandy?
- ch Ooh, I dont know how to tell you this.. But she's in Monica's bedroom getting it on with Max Ooh, look at that, I did know to tell you 
- ra Hey Everybody, the ball is dropping  The ball is dropping 
- DickClark In 20 seconds , it'll be midnight
- ch And the moment of joy is upon us 一瞬间的快乐就要靠咱们自己了
- jo Looks like that no-date pact worked out
- ph Everybody looks so happy I hate that!
- mo Not everyone is happy Hey Bobby!
- ch Y'know I uh,, just thought I'd throw this out here 你们知道吗,我刚才算了一下 I'm no math whiz… 数学高手 But I do believe there are three girls and three guys right  here
- ph I don't feel like kissing anyone tonight
- ra I cant kiss anyone
- mo So,I'm kissing everyone?
- ch No, you cant kiss Ross, That's your brother
- ro Perfect, So now everybody's getting kissed but me
- ch Alright, somebody kiss me  It;s midnight! somebody kiss me  ! somebody kiss me! 
- jo All right! All right!

------

- ro I wanted this to work so much I mean I'm still in there Changing his diapers Picking his fleas 给他换尿布,替他抓跳蚤 But he's just phoning it in 他却视为理所当然 Jus so hard to accept the fact that 得到回报 something you love so much doesn't love you back
- ra I think that bitch cracked my tooth 打断了