---
layout: pureread
title: "Friends_0101"
modified: 2018.04.22
category: life
tag:
- english
- friends

#excerpt:
toc: false
image:
#  feature:
    teaser: /teaser/gil.jpg
#  thumb:
date: 2018.04.22
---
> [mo]() ra ph  ro ch jo



#Friends 01-01 莫妮卡的新室友(ra)



- mo There's nothing to tell ! He's just some guy I work with !
- jo Come on, you're going out with the guy! There's gotta be something wrong with him !
- ch All right, Joey. Be nice. So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece ?  驼背，假发
- ph Wait, does he eat chalk? 粉笔 Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl. 
- mo Okey, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and not having sex 
- ch Sounds like a date to me

--------

- ch Alright , so I'm back in high school. I'm standing in the middl of the cafeteria and I realize I'm totally naked.
- mo Oh, yeah. Had that dream
- ch Then I look down, and I realize there's a phone there
- jo Instead of …?
- ch That's right . All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. What do I do? Everyone starts looking at me 
- mo They weren't looking at you before?
- ch Finally, I figure I'd better answer it. and it turns out it's my mother. Which is very-very weird beacuse-she never calls me!


----

- ro Hi
- jo This guy says hello, I wanna kill myself 
- mo Are you okay, sweetie ?
- ro I just feel like someone reached down my throat grabbed my small intestine pulled it out of my mouth and tied it around my neck
- mo Carol moved her stuff out today . Let me get you some coffee. 
- ro No, no don't! Stop cleansing my aury 灵气 just leave my aura alone, okay? I'll be fine, alright? Really, everyone. I hope she'll be very happy. to hell with her , she left me!
- jo And you never knew she was a lesbian...
- ro No, ok , why does everyone keep fixating on that? 打转 She didn't know, how should I know?
- ch Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian… Did I say that out loud?
- ro I told Mom and Dad last night. They took it prety well
- mo Oh, really. So that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M 歇斯底里地嚎啕 "I'll never have grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren." was what? A wrong number?
- jo Aright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is ? Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones! 
- ro I don't want to be single, okay? I just… I just wanna be married again !
- ch And I just want a million dollars !
- ra Oh,God,Monica, hi! Thank God! I just went to your building and you weren't here and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are , you are!
- waiter Can I get you some coffee?
- mo De-ca . Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. This is everybody, this is Chandler and Phoebe, and Joey, and you remember my brother Ross? So you wanna tell us now or are we waiting for your wet bridesmaids 伴娘 
- Ra Oh, god, well , it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in there room where we were keeping all the presents and I was looking at this gravy boat 调味汁瓶. This really gorgeous Limoges gravy boat. When all of a sudden Sweet'n'Lo? I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry And then I got really greaked out , and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr.Potato Head. Y'know I mean, I always knew looked familiar but … Anyway, I just had to get out of there and I started wondering "Why am I doint this. and who am I doing this for?" So anyway I just didn't know where to go and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, 有点疏远了 but you're the only persion I knewwho lived here in the city
- mo Who wasn't invited to ther wedding
- ra Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue...

----

- mo Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big pipe organ  管风琴 and she's really not happy about it
- ch Tuna or egg salad ! Decide! 吐纳鱼
- ro I'll have whatever Christina's having
- ra Daddy, I just… I can't marry him! I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me! 
- ph If I let go of my hair, my head will fall off
- ch Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants
- jo I say push her down the stairs
- ra C'mon Daddly, listen to me! It's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, "You're a shoe!" And today I just stopped and I said 'What if I don't wanna be shoe? What if I wanna be a a purse, y'know? Or a or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha-, It's a metaphor, Daddy! 比喻
- ro You can see where he'd have trouble 这就是他的问题所在了
- ra Look Daddy, it's my life. Well maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.
- Mo Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica… 敲定
- ra Well, maybe that's my decision. Well,maybe I don't need your money. Wait!! Wait, I said maybe!!

---

- Mo Just breathe, breathe… that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things...
- Ph Rain drops on roses and rabbits and kittens bluedbells and sleighbells and something with mittens… 风铃草 雪橇铃 啥啥的手套 La la la something and noodles with string
- ra I'm all better now
- ph I helped
- mo Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence, Taking control of your life. The whole hat thing
- jo And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall 对面 And he's away a lot
- mo Joey, stop hitting on her! It's her wedding day!
- jo What, like there's a rule or something?
- ch I got. Please don't do that again, it's horrible sound
- Paul It's Pual
- mo Oh, god, is it 6:30? Buzz him in 让他进来
- Jo Who's Paul? 
- ro Paul the Wine Guy, Paul ?
- Jo Wait. Your 'not a real date' tonight is with Paul the Wine Gug?
- ro He finally asked you out?
- ch Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.
- mo Rach, wait , I can cancel...
- Ra Please, no, go, that'd be fine!
- Mo Are, are you okay? I mean, do you want me to stay?
- ro That's be good… No, go on! It's Paul the Wine Guy!
- ph What does that mean? Does he sell it, drink it? or he just complains a lot?
- mo Hi, come in! Paul, this is… everybody,everybody, this is Paul
- Ch I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it?
- mo Okay, umm-umm, I'll just—I'll be right back. I just gotta go ah, go ah...
- ro A-wandering?
- mo change, Okay, sit down. Twn seconds.
- Ph Ooh, I just pulled out four eyelashes, that can't be good 睫毛
- jo Hey, Paul, here's a tip. She really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over again until it starts to get a little red
- ro So Rachel, what're you, uh… what're you up to tonight?
- Ra Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing! 
- ro Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon, God.. No, no , although, Aruba , this time of year… talk about your big lizaers… 大蜥蜴 Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight. Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me put together my new furniture.
- ch Yes, and we're very excited about it . 
- Mo Well actually thanks. but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight. It's been kinda a lone day.
- jo Hey, Pheebs, you wanna help?
- ph Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to

---

- ph Love is weet as summer showers Love is a wonderous work of art But your love, Oh, your love you love Is like a giant pigeon Crapping on my heart

---

- ro I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys. I have no brackety thing, I see no whim guys whatsoever 托架 蜗杆 and I cannot feel my legs.'
- jo We got a bookcsase 
- ch It's beautiful
- jo What's this?
- ch I would have to say this is an 'L'-shaped bracket. I have no idea
- Jo Done with the bookcase! 
- ro This was Carol's favorite beer. She always drank it out of the can. I should have known
- jo If you're gonna start with that stuff we're outta here
- ch Please don't spoil all this fun 搞砸了
- jo Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the stereo, 音响 the good TV what did you get?
- ch Oh,my God , 
- jo You got screwed 你被坑了


-----

- Paul I know, I'm such an idiot. I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the dentist four and five times a week. I mean, how clean can teeth get?
- mo My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get throught it?
- Paul Well, you might try accidentally breaking something valuable of hers, say her… That's one way! Me,I went for the watch
- mo You actually broke her watch? The worst thing I ever did was I-I shredded my old boyfriend's favorite bath towel
- Paul Steer clear of you 还真要堤防你呢

----

- ra Barry, I'm sorry. I know you probably thing that htis is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't… it isn't, it's about me, and I just… Hi, machine cut me off again…     anyway look, I know that some girl is going to be incredibly lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel. But it isn't me. It's not me. Not that I have any idea who "me" is right now 不是现在这个迷茫失措的我 but you just have to give me a chance to ...

-----

- ro I'm divorced. I'm only 26, and I'm divorced!
- ch Shut up ! You must stop
- ro That only took me an hour
- ch Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us. We haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento 曼妥思糖 You however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of closedness and sharing 肌肤相亲 at the end of which she ripped your heart out 最后她把你的心给伤透了 and that is why we don't  do it! I don't think that was my point!
- ro You know what the scariest part is ? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her ...
- jo What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. letmme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing ! Cherry Vanilla 巧克力坚果味，曲奇味，香草味 You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipperd cream ! 糖条 果仁 奶油 This is the best thing that ever happened to you ! You got married , you were ,like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon 拿起勺子开挖吧
- ro I honesty don't know if I'm hungry or horny 欲火难耐 
- ch Stay out of my freezer ! 


---

- Paul Ever since she walked out on me, I uh...
- mo What?… What, you wanna spell it out with noodles?
- Paul No it's it's more of a fifth date kinda revelation
- mo Oh, so there is gonna be a fifth date?
- Paul Isn't there ? 你不想吗？
- mo Yeah… yeah, I think there is . What were you gonna say?
- Paul Well, ever-ev-… ever since she left me,um, I haven't been able to , uh, perform … sexually
- mo I'm so sorry. I know being spit on is probably not what you need right now. Um..,how long? Wow! I'm glad you smashed her watch! 砸烂
- paul So you still think you , um … might want that fifth date?


----

- Tv Wa are gathered here to join Joanie Louise Cunningham.. and Charles Chachi-Chachi-Chachi Arcola in the bonds of holy matrimony 神圣的婚礼
- ra Oh…see… but Joanne loved Chachi! Tha's the difference ! 

-----

- ro Grap a spoon .Do you know how long it's been since I've grabbed a spoon ? Do the words' Billy, don't be a hero' mean anything to you ? 难道“比利，别逞英雄”这句话对你没有意义（比利 别逞英雄 70年代反战歌曲）
- Jo Great story. But I gotta go. I got a date with Andrea-Angela-Andrea… Oh man , 
- ch Andrea's the screamer. Angela has cats
- jo Right, thanks. It's JUlie. I'm out of here 
- ro Y'know, here's the thing. Even if I could get it together enough to to ask a woman out… who am I gonna ask?

---

- ra Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never made coffe before in my entire life 
- ch That is amazing.
- jo Congratulations
- ra Y'know, I figure if I can make coffee, there isn't anything I can't do
- ch No, I think it's "If I can invade Poland, where's nothing I can't do "
- jo Listen, while you're on a roll. If you feel like you have to make a Western omelet or something… 煎蛋卷 Although actually I'm really not that hungry...


--------

- mo Oh,good.Lenny and Squiggy（《拉芙妮与雪莉》中的角色喜欢随便闯入别人的房间） are here
- Paul Thank you. Thank you so much. No, I'm telling you last night was like umm, was like all my birthdays, both graduations, plus the barn-rasing scene in Witness. 再加上《目击者》电影里谷仓落成庆典
- mo We'll talk later
- Jo That wasn'g a real date?! What the hell do you do on a real date?
- mo Shut up, and put my table back.
- ch All right, kids, I gotta get to work. if I don't input those numbers..it doesn't make much of a difference...
- ra So, like, you guys all have jobs?
- Mo Yeah, we all have jobs. See, that's how we buy stuff.
- jo Yeah,I'm an actor
- Ra Wow! Would I have seen you in anyting?
- jo I doult it. Mostly regional work 大部分范围都挺小的
- mo Oh wait, wait, unless you happend to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio 《匹诺曹》的重播 at the little theater in the park
- jo Look, it was a job all right?
- ch 'Look, Gippetto, I'm a real live boy.'
- jo I will not take this abuse.
- ch You're right, I'm sorry. "Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden bou…" 小木偶
- jo You should both know that he's a dead man.
- mo So how you doing today? Did you sleep okay? Talk to Barray? I can't stop smiling.
- ra I can see that. You look like you slept with a hanger in your mouth. 撑衣架
- mo I know, he's just so, so… Do you remember you and Tony DeMarco? Well, it's like that. With feelings.
- Ra Wow, are you in troble! Want a wedding dress? Hardly used.
- mo I think we're gotting a little ahead of ourselvers 我想我们谈的远了点 Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work and not think about him all day. Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work
- Ra Oh, look, wish me luck!  I'm gonna go get one of those job things 


------------

- Frannie Hey, Monica!

- mo Hey Frannie, welcome back! How was Florida?

- Frannie You had sex, didn't you?

- mo How do you do that? 

- Frannie I hate you. I'm pushing my Aunt Roz through Parrot Jungle 鹦鹉丛林 you're having sex. So? Who?

- mo You know Paul?

- Frannie Paul the Wine Guy? Oh yeah, I know Paul.

- mo You mean you know Paul like I know Paul?

- Frannie Are you kidding? I take creadit for Paul 还欠我一个人情呢 Y'know before me, there was no snap in his turtle for two years 性生活

  -----------------



- jo Of course it was line! 显然他是骗你的
- Mo Why? Why? why would anybody do something like that?
- ro I assume we're lokking for an answer more sophisticated 复杂的回答 than "to get you into bed".
- mo I hate men, I hate men.
- ph Don't hate. You don't want to put that out into the universe.
- mo Is it me? Is it like I have some sort of beacon 信号 that only dogs and men with severe emotional problems can hear? 只有狗和有严重情况问题的男人才会发觉吗
- ph All right, c'mere, gimme your feet
- mo I just thought he was nice, y'know ？ 
- jo I can't believe you did't know it was a line!
- Ra Are you kidding? I'm trained for nothing! I was laughed out of twelve interviews today.
- ch And yet you're surprisingly upbeat 兴奋 







