---
layout: pureread
title: "Friends_0109"
modified: 2018.04.22
category: life
tag:
- english
- friends

#excerpt:
toc: false
image:
#  feature:
    teaser: /teaser/gil.jpg
#  thumb:
date: 2018.04.22
---
> mo]() ra ph  ro ch jo



# Friends 01-09 被压迫的觉醒(ra)

------

- ra Terry, I I know that I haven't worked here very long but I was wondering , do you think it would be possible if I got a $100 advance in my salary 预支给我100块薪水
- Terry Advance
- ra It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family See every year we go skiing in Vail and normally my father pays for my ticket but I sort of started the whole independence thing , you know 但我现在已经开始学习独立 which is actually why I took this job
- Terry Rachel , Rachel, sweetheart You're a terrible , terrible waitress Really really awful
- ra Ok I head what youre saying I'm with you Um, but I'm trying really hard And I think I'm doing better I really do Dose anybody need coffee? Oh , look at that

------

- ra Excuse me , sir, Hi, you come in here all time I was just wondering , do you think there's a possibility that you could give me an advance on my tips ? 预支一点小费给我 Ok, ok, that's fine fine Hey I'm sorry about that spill before  Only $98.50 to go 还差
- mo Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rica for Thanksgiving 波多黎各
- ro No, they're not 
- mo Yes, they are , The Blymens invited them 
- ro You're wrong
- mo I am not wrong
- ro Youre wrong
- mo No, I just talked to them
- ro I'm calling mom
- ch And this from the cry-for-help department 紧急求助部 Are yopu wearing makeup? 化妆
- jo Yes, I am, As of today I am officially Joey Tribbiani actor slash model 演员兼职模特
- ch That's so funny, cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani man slash woman 
- ph What were you modeling for
- jo You know those posters for the city free clinic 免费医院的海报
- mo Oh, wow, so you're gonna be one of those "healthy, healthy,healthy gays"?
- ph You know the asthma guy was really cute 哮喘的人
- ch Do you know which one you're gonna be ?
- jo No, but I hear lyme disease is open so … 莱姆关节炎
- ch Good luck man,I hope you get it
- ro Well ,you were right How can they do this to us, huh? Its Thanksgiving
- mo Ok tell you what, How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's
- ro Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps 一块一块的土豆泥吗
- mo You know, they're not actually supposed to have … I'll work on the lumps  土豆泥 Joey,you're going home,right? And I assume Chandler you are still boycotting all the pilgrim Holidays 抵制所有清教徒的节日
- ch Yes, every single one of them
- mo Phoebe,you're gonna be with your grandma?
- ph Yes, and her boyfriends But we're celebration Thanksgiving in December cause he is lunar 因为他要过阴历
- mo So you're free Thursday, then
- ph Yeah , Oh, can I come?
- Mo Yeah, Rach, are you thinking you're gonna make it to Vail?
- ra Absolutely, Shoop,shoop,shoop Only a hundred and two dollars to go
- ch I thought it was $98.50
- ra Yeah, well it was , I broke a cup
- ro Well, I'm off to Carol's
- ph Ooh, ooh! Why don't we invite her?
- ro Oh,oh because she was my ex-wife and will probably want to bring her ooh,ooh, lesbian life partner

------

- ro Hi , is Uh, is Carol here?
- Susan No, She's at a faculty meeting 教工会
- ro Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull 头骨 Well, not mine, but...
- Susan Come in
- ro Thanks, yeah, Carol borrowed it for a class and I have to get it back to the museum
- Susan What's it look like?
- ro Kinda like a big face without skin
- Susan Yes, I'm familiar with the concept We can just look for it  
- ro Wow,you guys sure have a lot of books about bein'a lesbian
- Susan Well, you know, you have to take a course Otherwise , they don't let you do it 
- ro Hey, hey Yertle the Turtle A classic 海龟王亚特尔
- Susan Actually, I'm reading it to the baby
- Ro The, the baby that hasn't been born yet Wouldn't that mean you're crazy?
- Susan What, you don't think they can hear sounds in there?
- ro You're not serious I mean 这么认真干嘛 You really… you really talk to it?
- Susan Yeah, all the time I want the baby to know my voice
- ro Do you hu do you talk about me ?
- Susan Yeah,yeah , all the time But um, we just refer to you as Bobo the Sperm Guy 我们只说你是提供精子的家伙

------

- ro Look,if she's talking to it I just think I should get some belly time too 肚子谈话时间 Not  that I believe any of this 
- ph Oh , I believe it ,I think the baby can totally hear everything I can show you , Look this will seem a little weird but you put your head inside this turkey and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say
- ch I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind his experiment 赞成 In fact I'd very much like to butter your head 给你脑袋涂上黄油
- mo Hey,Rach, did you make your money?
- ra No, not even close Forget Vail forget seeing my family forget shoop,shoop,shoop
- mo Rach here's your mail
- ra Thanks you can just put it on the table 
- mo No, here's your mail
- ra Thanks, you can just put it on the table
- mo Would you just open it ?
- ra Oh my God, ho you guys are great
- Mo We all chipped in 大伙凑得
- ro We did ?
- mo You own me 20 bucks Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast you got your tomoto soup your grilled cheese fixin's and your family size bag of Funyuns 奶酪杂拌 家庭装洋葱玉米片
- ra Wait wait Chandler this is what you're having for Thanksgiving dinner? What ,what is it with you and this holiday? 那你还过个什么节啊
- ch All right, I'm nine years old  We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner 丰盛 I have — and I remember this part vividly— a mouthful of pumpkin pie 我塞了满嘴的南瓜派 and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced Yes, it's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you're seen it in reverse 场景
- ro Oh, What's this ? I never saw this at Mom's
- ph It's a yam 山芋 
- ro Hello… This isn't yam. Yam comes in purple cans 山芋都是放在紫色罐头里的 They don't they dont come in these
- ph Ross, Dont take this the wrong way or anything, but back off 别在这挑挑拣拣的 走开

------

- jo Uh,hi,We used to work together
- ObsessionGir lWe did?
- Jo Yeah, at Macy's 梅西百货 You were the Obsession girl, right? "激情"香水女孩 I was the Aramis guy 雅士男 Aramis? Aramis?
- ObsessionGir Yeah, right.
- Jo I gotta tell you. You're the best in the business.
- ObsessionGir Get out.
- jo I'm serious. You're amazing. You know when to spritz 喷雾 when to lay back 放回原处  
- ObsessionGir Really? You don't know what that means to me 我很感动
- jo Ooh, you smell great tonight  What're you wearing? 你喷了什么香水
- ObsessionGir Nothing.
- Jo Listen, uh, you wanna go get a drink or something?
- ObsessionGir Yeah, oh
- jo What's wrong?
- ObsessionGir I just remebered, I have to do something
- jo Oh, what?
- ObsessionGir Uh, leave
- jo Wait,wait …… So I guess you all saw it
- ph what? No, we were just laughing You know , how laughter can be infectious 传染
- jo Set another place for Thanksgiving My entire family thinks I have VD 性病
- ch Tonight, on a very special Blossom 

------

- Mo Emm, looking good, Ok, cider's mulling 苹果酒搞定 turkey's turking, yams are yaming 土耳其式火鸡搞定,山芋搞定 What?
- ro I dont know It's just not the same without Mom in the kitchen
- mo All right, that's it, You know what? Just get out of my way and stop moping 少拉着个脸
- ro That's closer
- Ra I got the tickets! I got the tickets! Five hours from now, shoop,shoop,shoop
- ch Oh, you must stop shooping
- ra Ok, I'm gonna get my stuff
- jo Chandler, will you just come in already? No I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment 节庆
- ph Look out, incoming pumpkin pie! 南瓜派
- Ch Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing 虽然你填料的时候我们大家都笑了 but that's not funny anymore
- jo Hey, Monica, I got a question I dont see any tater tots 土豆泥
- Mo That's not a question
- jo but my mom always makes them It's like a tradition you get a litter piece of turkey on your fork , a little cranberry souce 蓝莓酱 and a tot! 土豆泥 It's bad enough I cant be with my family because of my disease.
- mo All right,Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed and lumps 切块 and in the form of tots 土豆泥
- ro Ok, I'm off to talk to my unborn child Ok, Mom never hit 妈妈从不打我
- ph Ok, all done
- mo What, Phobe, did you whip the potatoes? 捣烂了 Ross needs lumps!
- ph Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions 豌豆和洋葱
- mo Why would we do that?
- ph Well, cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them you knpw, before she died
- mo Ok, three kinds of potatoes coming up
- ra Ok ,good-bye you guys. Thanks for everything Oh , sorry! oh Sorry
- ch The most unbelievable thing has happend Underdog has just gotten away 超能狗
- jo The balloon?
- Ch No,no the actual cartoon character of course the ballon 气球 It's all over the news Right before he reached Macy's he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park I'm goin' to the roof , who's with me?
- ra I cant, I gotta go.
- ch Come on, An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city 80英尺的充气狗 How often dose that happen?
- ph Almost never
- mo Got the keys...

------

- Carol Anytime you're ready
- ro Ok here we go Ok, where am I talking to , here? I mean uh well There is one way that seems to offer a certain acoustical advantage, 可以传递声波 
- Carol Just aim for the bump 对准正前方 
- ro Ok here goes You know, I you know, cant do this uh this is too weird . I feel stupid
- Carol So dont do it, it's fine You don't have to do it just because Susan does it
- ro Hello baby hello

------

- Ra I loved the moment when you first saw the giant dog shadow all over the park
- ph Yeah, but did they have to shoot him down? I mean , that was just mean 
- Mo Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outsidce 脆 juicy on the inside Why are we standing here?
- ra We're waiting for you to open the door. You got the keys
- mo No I dont 
- ra Yes, you do , when we left, you said "got the keys"
- mo No I didn't I asked, "Got the ke-eys?"
- ra No no no , you said, "got the keys"
- ch Do either of you have the keys?
- mo The oven is on 烤箱
- ra Oh  I gotta get my ticket!
- jo Wait, we have a copy of your key
- mo Well then get it ,get it!
- jo That tone will not make me go any faster
- mo Joey!
- jo That one will

------

- Ro And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a majoy You gotta pick a major So, on a dare 鼓起勇气 I picked paleontology 古生物学 And you have no idea what I'm saying because, Let's face it , you're a fetus 我们得面对现实,你还是一个胎儿 You're just happy you dont have gills anymore 你应该正在为你的鳃消失了而高兴
- Carol Look, you dont have to talk to it You can sing to it if you want
- ro Oh ,please I am not singing to your stomach ok? 
- Susan Hi , how's it goin?
- ro Shh! "Here we come walkin' down the street get the funniest looks from everyone we meet hey hey!" Hey did you just feel that? 
- carol I did
- ro Does it always?
- carol No that was the first
- susan Keep singing! keep singing
- ro Hey hey you're my baby and I cant wait to meet you When you come out I'll buy you a bagel 百吉饼 and then we'll go to the zoo
- cacol It did it again! 
- susan I felt it that time!
- ro Hey hey I'm your daddy I'm the one without any breasts

------

- ra This is great It's 5:00 My plane is pulling away from the gate 从登机口拖走了
- ph Maybe you can take a later flight.
- ra There is no later flight
- ph You can go tomorrow
- ra Tomorrow is not Thanksgiving!
- ph Ok , look, I'm gonna cheer you up  you have to meet me halfway 你却总是中间打断我
- mo Can you go any faster with that?
- jo Hey, I got one keyhole and about a ziilon keys You do the math
- ra Why do you guys have so many keys in there anyway?
- ch For an emergency just like this
- ra All right, listen , smirky 傻笑的这位 If it wasn't for you and stupid balloon I would be on a plane watching a woman do this right now But I'm not
- mo I swear you said you had the keys
- ra No I didn't I wouldn't say I had the keys unless I had the keys and I obviously didn't have the keys
- ph Ooh, ok that's it, Enough with the keys, No one say keys
- mo Why would I have the keys?
- ra Aside from the fact that you said you had them? 因为正是你
- mo But I didn't  
- ra Well, you should have 
- mo why 
- ra because!
- mo Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes So I'm making different kinds of potatoes Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooo,no Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions 豆子和洋葱 and Mario gets his tots 土豆泥 and it's my first Thanksgiving  and it's all burned,and and I …I… 
- ch Ok,Monic only dogs can hear you now , so look
- jo The door's open. Here we go 
- mo Well, the turkey's burnt  Potatoes are ruined , potatoes are ruined , potatoes are ruined
- ro Here we come, walkin down the? This doesn't smell like Mom's
- mo No,it doesn't does it? But you wanted lumps , Ross 土豆块 Well here you go , buddy 兄弟 , got one
- ro Dont yell at me . You burned dinner?
- ph Hey,dont make her squeak again 发飙
- ra Oh , god, this is great! The plane is gone So it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys
- jo Hey, we all had better plans This was nobody's first choice
- mo Oh really, so why was I busting my ass 我何苦火急火燎的 to make this delicious Thanksgiving dinner?
- jo You call that delicious?
- mo Stop it,stop it
- ch Now this feels like Thanksgiving

------

- Ra Skiing Shoop,shoop,shoop...
- mo Shoop
- ph Ooh,  Ugly Naked Guy's taking this turkey out of the oven Oh my God, He's not alone Ugly Naked Guy's having Thanksgiving dinner with Ugly Naked Girl
- jo All right Ugly Naked Guy!
- mo Ooh, Ugly Naked Dancing!
- ph It's nice that he has someone

------

- ch Shall I carve? 切
- ra By all means 当然可以
- ch Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese?
- ro I dont know wanna know about the dark cheese
- Mo Does anybody wanna split this with me?
- jo Oh I will
- ph Oph, you guys have to make a wish
- mo Make a  wish?
- ph Come on, you know, Thanksgiving Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for?
- jo The bigger half
- ch I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here ,ding,ding I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving taht all of yo uall planned but for me , this has been really great ,you know I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting 呕吐 Anyway, I was just thinking I mean, if you'd gone to Vail and if you guys'd been with your family If you didn't have syphilis and stuff 梅毒 We wouldn't be all together , you know ? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful thall all of your Thanksgivings sucked
- ro And hey, here's to a lousy Christmas 糟糕的圣诞节 
- ra And a crappy New Year 糟糕的